# udacity_DAN_investigate_movies

This project is a project that forms part of the requirements for Udacity's Data Analytic Fundamentals Nanodegree program.

## Overview 

This project presents the analysis carried out on the dataset: TMDb movie data (cleaned from original data on Kaggle). It contains information about more than 10,000 movies obtained from The Movie Database (TMDb).

For this analisys, initially considered studying the popularity and revenue generated by the films. However, there are many records with unreported values for budget and income, so the possibility of studying income was discarded, as can be seen below in this document.

A jupyter-Notebook was used to perform Exploratory Data Analysis.

## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Eric Melillanca

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
